README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" alt="Majie Logo" width="150"/>
</p>

# 🌿 majie.org  
Showcase website for the Majie association, based in Montpellier, France.

![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-PHP-blue?logo=php)
![CMS](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-6.x-lightgrey?logo=wordpress)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-live-green)

---

## 📖 Overview

This project is the official website of the **Majie** association, an organization based in Montpellier, France, working in the fields of solidarity and social cohesion.

The goal of the redesign was to:
- Improve the clarity and accessibility of information
- Ensure a clean and responsive navigation experience
- Simplify content management for editors using WordPress and ACF Pro

---

## 🖥️ Demo

> 📷 *Screenshot of the site (replace with your local file)*

![Demo](assets/screenshot.jpg)

---

## 🚀 Installation

This project uses a standard WordPress installation.

1. Download WordPress: https://wordpress.org/download/
2. Clone or copy the custom theme into `/wp-content/themes/`
3. Install required plugins:
   - ACF Pro (licensed version)
   - Contact Form 7
4. Activate the theme in the WordPress admin
5. Configure fields and content using the ACF interface

---

## 🧠 Technologies Used

- 🌀 **WordPress** (custom theme)
- 🛠️ **PHP** (theme logic & templating)
- 🌿 **Vanilla JavaScript**
- 🔌 Plugins:
  - [ACF Pro](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/pro/)
  - [Contact Form 7](https://contactform7.com/)

---

## 👤 About the Developer

Developed by [**Guillaume Even**](https://evendev.net)  
[![evendev](https://evendev.net/logo.png)](https://evendev.net)

---

Commit message:

fix(readme): update association to NGO, clarify project description, and correct image file references

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" alt="Majie Logo" width="150"/>
</p>

# 🌿 majie.org  
Showcase website for the Majie NGO, based in Montpellier, France.

![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-PHP-blue?logo=php)
![CMS](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-6.x-lightgrey?logo=wordpress)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-live-green)

---

## 📖 Overview

This project is the official website of **Majie**, an organization based in Montpellier, France, working in the reception and support of unaccompanied foreign minors.

The goal of the redesign was to:
- Improve the clarity and accessibility of information
- Ensure a clean and responsive navigation experience
- Simplify content management for editors using WordPress and ACF Pro

---

## 🖥️ Demo

> 📷 *Screenshot of the site*

![Demo](assets/screenshot.png)

---

## 🚀 Installation

This project uses a standard WordPress installation.

1. Download WordPress: https://wordpress.org/download/
2. Clone or copy the custom theme into `/wp-content/themes/`
3. Install required plugins:
   - ACF Pro (licensed version)
   - Contact Form 7
4. Activate the theme in the WordPress admin
5. Configure fields and content using the ACF interface

---

## 💡 Technologies Used

- 🌀 **WordPress** (custom theme)
- 🛠️ **PHP** (theme logic & templating)
- 🌿 **Vanilla JavaScript**
- 🔌 Plugins:
  - [ACF Pro](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/pro/)
  - [Contact Form 7](https://contactform7.com/)

---

## 👤 About the Developer

Developed by [**Guillaume Even**](https://evendev.net)  
[![evendev](https://evendev.net/img/logo.svg)](https://evendev.net)

---
